Add a reference for IoT device examples (#265)
ietf-teep/architecture: draft-ietf-teep-architecture.md

from manipulating actuators (e.g., unlocking a door), or
stealing or modifying sensitive data, such as authentication credentials
in the device. A TEE can be one of the best ways to implement such IoT

> security functions. See GlobalPlatform {{GPTEE}} for examples 
> of such devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
security functions. For example, {{GPTEE}} uses the term "trusted peripheral" to refer to such things being
accessible only from the TEE, and this concept is used, and this concept is used in some GlobalPlatform-compliant devices today.
```
